🚀 Getting Started

These instructions will get the website up and running on your local machine:

Clone the repository

git clone https://github.com/WEDE-part-1/urban-threads.git


Open the project folder on your computer.

Launch the site by opening index.html in any modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, etc.).

Explore the pages using the navigation links in the header.

No external build tools are required – all CSS and JavaScript are loaded locally.

🧩 Project Structure
urban-threads/
│
├── index.html        # Home page with search, news/events, gallery and map
├── about.html        # Company mission, strengths, weaknesses, improvements
├── products.html     # Operations timeline and budget overview
├── enquiry.html      # Enquiry form with validation and dynamic response
├── contact.html      # Contact information and general message form
│
├── css/
│   └── style.css     # Global styles, layout, forms, gallery, accordion
│
└── js/
    └── main.js       # Interactivity: search filter, accordion, dynamic content,
                      # gallery lightbox, map, enquiry & contact form handling

✨ Features

Responsive Design: Works well on desktops, tablets and mobile devices.

Unified Navigation: Consistent header and footer across all pages.

Dynamic Collections Search: Filter products and services on the home page using the search box.

Accordion Sections: Expandable descriptions for each collection.

News & Events Feed: Dynamically loaded announcements and promotions.

Image Gallery with Lightbox: Click thumbnails to view full‑size images in an overlay.

Interactive Map: Embedded OpenStreetMap via Leaflet showing the store location.

Enquiry Form: Collects visitor enquiries (product, service, collaboration, general) with client‑side validation and simulated asynchronous submission.

Contact Form: Allows customers to compose a general message, feedback or support request; generates a ready‑to‑send email link.

Operations & Budget Overview: Timeline and startup costs clearly laid out in tables and lists.

Semantic HTML & SEO: Proper use of headings, metadata, alt text, and clean URLs to improve search engine indexing.

Reusable CSS & JavaScript: Shared styling and scripts across all pages for consistency and easier maintenance.

🧪 Testing & Debugging

Navigation links have been tested across all pages.

Forms are validated client‑side and provide user feedback.

HTML and CSS conform to modern standards and have been manually checked for structure and indentation.

JavaScript functions are modular and only run on pages where needed (e.g. map initialises only on the home page).

💡 Notes

The project now uses CSS for layout, typography and responsiveness, and JavaScript for interactivity. Additional enhancements (e.g. server‑side processing) can be implemented in the future.

Placeholder images in the gallery (from picsum.photos) can be replaced with your own store photos.

No external dependencies are required beyond Leaflet (loaded via CDN) for map rendering.

📖 Author

Philip Wagner
Module: Web Development / Internet Application
